- It's very cool to be Apollo,
a god, on stage.
Did you know that in
New York City Ballet...
(Semyon Chudin)
...only a dancer who has danced all of Balanchine's
works can be a candidate for Apollo?
Victoria Simon, choreographer
When I started working with Vicky,
she made me feel so assured.
She'd say: "Semyon, everything will be
alright, you'll make a great Apollo. Just have
a feeling inside, and it will be great."
This ballet has a long history, I believe;
it dates back even to Dyagilev.
We don't dance it like that anymore.
If back then they did like this
and it was enough,
now we do it inside out,
it's obligatory.
This is a criterion. It may not have
any sense for the audience...
(Artem Ovcharenko)
It won't make any difference to you, but to
the people who work in the theatre, to the coaches,
to those who work with us - for them it's important.
Igor Stravinsky's 'Apollon musagete'
Choreography by George Balanchine
4 October 2012 in the Bolshoi